faster easier but since they are not going to
talk about the child or anything that has to do
with their children after what happened with Jules
etc. they are not going to do it, we already said it
here that they are not going to do it
because if they do,
the daughter's demand is no longer valid. Let's see,
well, by proxy, by proxy, well, let's
see, it's not the same as saying one
thing as saying the things that those on
Sálvame say and the tones and to what
extent they talk about a
person's privacy, but of course it would be a bit
contradictory, the truth is with its
principle it
would be, I do
n't know, we know the figure.
What do we know the figure that the
chulín charges in the end for that, for
everything, for everything. Let's see what had been
commented on,
obviously it is very complicated to
know the exact figure. Because those
are confidential contracts,
obviously MasterChef, that is public
because it does not stop being, so sooner or
later that has to be public. The
salaries, man. Of
course, of course, everything would be to do it. Look,
recently the salaries of the
MasterChef judges came out, which are
outrageous, obviously Jesulín is the
star signing because the rest, well,
the casting, well, it is varied.  but without
further ado
then I'll tell you 30,000 is what the
Treasury takes from you tctc but if you hold out for two or
three weeks you build up a good little
cushion the Bertín interview Well I do
n't know several figures had been mentioned I do
n't know because it's complicated
but I don't know if I had mentioned I don't know
if 30 or 40,000 also the program is
on the sixth it also says about the challenge
is that in the end on El Hormiguero
evidently they don't charge because it's
promotional but well in the end it is
a little cushion and that evidently
I already knew
that Belén Esteban was going to get into a
rage man
because they were talking about 30,000 for the
interview that it's a figure that
fits it could be but
we're talking about 30,000 it's a
figure that is good taking into account
that it's not going to get into much gossip so
you tell me that she's going to talk about this,
about that, the biggest ones are no longer
30,000 No of course it wouldn't be more it would be
more let's see also we are  putting
the sale before the injury I'm
looking forward to it being broadcast besides it's a
very good way to open the
season what it's going to do is the first
program is going to be a hit and then my house is going to
plummet in my house or
yours But well man seeing
Jesulín again after so many years and now with
that bait of man How long since I
went through Telecinco and the Hotel La Tela
as if to say go on don't go I haven't gone
but my lawyer has been going around a few times
that let's go No he says exactly It's never too
late if the happiness is good and I say they're
going to see the happiness good to the production company
that we have Of course it's not going to go it's to the one we have Of
course it's not going to go yes but let's
see the lawsuit that this last one
wins
condemned Mediaset which is that okay well that's
what we talked about yesterday that I
have spoken with the lawyer of Bueno de
Campanario but let's go that in the end he handles
all these issues and what he has
assured me is that it is not about any
agreement or anything like that which
also surprises me I thought it was due to an
issue of agreements of  He has cured me and
sworn that no, that there is no
agreement, that this has been negotiations
with the representative and they say it
is not for nothing, it is true that in other
cases it has been done. Look, Rocío Carrasco.
Look, many cases in which in exchange for, in
exchange for, we drop lawsuits, we give you
this, we give you, that is what he assures is that
no and that he has said that. Well, apart from the fact that
MasterChef is starting to be recorded since it is going to be a
lot of fun because
Jesulín did not know how to cook and has been
preparing
now it starts more without perhaps being
active,
well, those that last one, one, two, three
programs, that is to say, it is something more, but yes, yes. I mean,
the truth is that it has been from
nothing, everything, you know, it has been like from one
extreme to the other, it is curious
about the lawsuit that there are several
pending because there are still things
pending judicially.
And of course the sentence, if I am not mistaken,
from memory I think it was 180,000
turkeys, but surprised you remember and that.
But well, that is not
completely resolved yet, so I told you that
a lot, but I am talking about
Jesulín's lawsuit, I do not agree with it, the
one  girl that was also an
outrage that I told you I've
never seen these amounts these
amounts have to be that the judges
are starting to take into account the
difference between a producer and a
person because many times maybe for
example María José Campanario beat her has
beaten a lot of people María
Patiño beat her here with Hernández and
the condemned to heaven the normal Omar
Suárez to quite Yes of course the logical
three thousand five thousand is already a Of course we
're talking about three thousand five thousand children if it
were a [ __ ] of 3,0005,000 it's a
lot of money but of course for the producer it
was cheap you know then the
producer
regardless of the girl's the one who
puts Jesulín the one who wins is her link
in half the set if I'm not mistaken it was
180,000 euros which was for speculating that
her link had lovers in the corridors
of Telecinco I don't know what that was a long
time ago eh Yes of course these things go
slowly and now
and what the hell can they negotiate for I mean
what the hell can you negotiate that it's better
than what was paid I mean there's no  nothing there
I don't know no but I think that there I
think they said it's worth it
or rather, in the end Telecinco
is immersed in an audience crisis,
a crisis of everything and I think that the
mere appearance of Jesus on
Bertín's program although he doesn't talk about Belén
specifically which is what we all
expect the most if that is on a Saturday,
Monday we have Belén on set already or rather in the
end it is a feedback from that
same Monday a whole week of taking
things from there in the end that now we will
enter Belén Belén was not going to
talk but in the end it is that she has such a
short fuse you also know how to
understand it is that in the end and
evidently it will only have caused a
fight with the girl Monumental come on Of
course but it is what I was saying well okay
But what agreement can you make with a
person instead of the sentence
more money still no more money and of
course not a reality that is not one thing
is that it starts to work
reality I mean Yes because the problem
yes I mean reality of staying there for
three months locked up without life and so on and
retransmit it well Never say never
Isabel Pantoja neither  we saw in
survivors someone imagined it
sometimes I don't know I don't know what to tell you he's
had a real rough time in his
economic life but you saw it in
survivors I would have
never imagined it I mean it was the news of the
year he's
doing this for some reason
but I don't think the economic one is let's see
of course the economic one Yes but
he already lives well No he doesn't have it let's see
he has his farm he has his things he has his
such he has his mattress he rents his farm
but let's see in the end they live in an
organization in Arcos de la Frontera that
is quite curious and yes it's
true that they hardly ever go out they hardly ever go out I mean they
live their life inside because they
have everything inside it's like a small
city not Arcos de Arcos Gold is called
where they live and they hardly ever go out I mean
because you're not going to have a photograph of
them or no I mean nothing at all nothing and it
even makes me feel a little sorry man it even makes me feel a
little sorry because Even the baptism
that I think was in December was like
super armored level they were all
pending so that there wasn't a single
photograph of him not even of the parents
together I mean like very I don't know to
what extent No  Enjoy it because I'm
boring you, not
early, early, but if you
answered me at 3 in the afternoon, yes,
daughter, but the girl had to
run to pick up the school and she had
hurt a man, I had to spend the
whole afternoon as a doctor and
things. Oh my God, the drama, okay,
where was I going? It's because it's already
ruined my fun.
[Music]